docs/Project Communication Management/Communicationmanagementplan.md, before:

# Project Communication Management Plan

### Introduction to Communicaion Management

The Communication Management Plan document guides project communications. It defines the project’s structure and methods of information collection, screening, formatting and distribution and outline understanding among project teams regarding the actions and process necessary to facilitate the critical links among people, ideas, and information that are necessary for project success.  The means of communication required for the employees are emails, phone calls, skype calls which helps all the team members to keep in touch with the specific updates, weekly meetings during the completion of the project. The contact details of all the stakeholders will be describe in stakeholders communciations analysis table.


### Project information Collection 

The information related to the project can be collected through interviewing the stakeholders, face-to-face interactions and through extensive meetings.


### Project information Distribution structure 

Project Manager is the key person who distribute the project information. If there are any changes to the project plan  the project manager is responsible for communicating those changes. The change will also be discussed with project team and client by conducting formal meetings. Daily progress reports and pending task details are sent to the team lead, project manager and client through emails.


### Format project information distribution.

Organizations should follow some standard templates for project information distribution. The template should discribe the important aspect of the project. Which information should be given to whom should be decided based on the level of individuals in an organization.




### 8. Stakeholder communications analysis
 
Stakeholders|Document Name|Document Format|Contact Person|Due Date|
---|---|--|--|--|
Program Manager	|Project status report |Email |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |Every week
Team Lead |Project status report |Email |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |Every week
Developer |Project documents |Email |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |Every week
Developer |Project documents |Email |rahulmallampati825@gmail.com| Every week 
Test Engineer |Test reports |Reports |rahulmallampati825@gmail.com |End of the each task and unit testing
Sponsor |Budget analysis |Report |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |One month before the project starts

Commit message:

Production schedule and resources for producing key project information

docs/Project Communication Management/Communicationmanagementplan.md, after:

# Project Communication Management Plan

### Introduction to Communicaion Management

The Communication Management Plan document guides project communications. It defines the project’s structure and methods of information collection, screening, formatting and distribution and outline understanding among project teams regarding the actions and process necessary to facilitate the critical links among people, ideas, and information that are necessary for project success.  The means of communication required for the employees are emails, phone calls, skype calls which helps all the team members to keep in touch with the specific updates, weekly meetings during the completion of the project. The contact details of all the stakeholders will be describe in stakeholders communciations analysis table.


### Project information Collection 

The information related to the project can be collected through interviewing the stakeholders, face-to-face interactions and through extensive meetings.


### Project information Distribution structure 

Project Manager is the key person who distribute the project information. If there are any changes to the project plan  the project manager is responsible for communicating those changes. The change will also be discussed with project team and client by conducting formal meetings. Daily progress reports and pending task details are sent to the team lead, project manager and client through emails.


### Format project information distribution.

Organizations should follow some standard templates for project information distribution. The template should discribe the important aspect of the project. Which information should be given to whom should be decided based on the level of individuals in an organization.


### Production schedule and resources for producing key project information
Production schedule helps all the stakeholders associated with the project to understand the progress of the project. These reports helps the stakeholders the status of the project and helps managers to track the activities. Standard templates should be used for both status and progress reports which are available in the company’s online file sharing system.




### 8. Stakeholder communications analysis
 
Stakeholders|Document Name|Document Format|Contact Person|Due Date|
---|---|--|--|--|
Program Manager	|Project status report |Email |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |Every week
Team Lead |Project status report |Email |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |Every week
Developer |Project documents |Email |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |Every week
Developer |Project documents |Email |rahulmallampati825@gmail.com| Every week 
Test Engineer |Test reports |Reports |rahulmallampati825@gmail.com |End of the each task and unit testing
Sponsor |Budget analysis |Report |khawse.prajakt@gmail.com |One month before the project starts
