docs/Project Quality Management/Quality Management Plan.md, before:

# &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Project Quality Management Plan

### Prepared by:  Prajakt Uttamrao Khawase &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Date: 06/02/2018

### Quality Management: 
The purpose of project quality management is to ensure that the project will satisfy the needs for which it was undertaken. The purpose of project quality management is to ensure that the project will satisfy the needs for which it was undertaken. A metric is a standard of measurement whether the produced product is upto the desired standard or not. In project quality planning, it is important to identify relevant quality standards, such as ISO standards.

Commit message:

The processes for quality management.

docs/Project Quality Management/Quality Management Plan.md, after:

# &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Project Quality Management Plan

### Prepared by:  Prajakt Uttamrao Khawase &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Date: 06/02/2018

### Quality Management: 
The purpose of project quality management is to ensure that the project will satisfy the needs for which it was undertaken. A metric is a standard of measurement whether the produced product is upto the desired standard or not. In project quality planning, it is important to identify relevant quality standards, such as ISO standards. To maintain the quality first we should know what kind of quality the stakeholders associated with the project expecting. The project team must develop good relationships with key stakeholders, especially the main customer for the project, to understand what quality means to them. After all, the customer ultimately decides if quality is acceptable. Many technical projects fail because the project team focuses only on meeting the written requirements for the main products being created and ignores other stakeholder needs and expectations for the project. Quality Management includes the following processes.

1.	Quality Planning – primarily during the project planning process.
2.	Quality Assurance  – primarily during the project execution process.
3.	Quality Control  – primarily during the project monitoring and controlling process.
4.	Verification and Validation – ideally performed in all project processes except initiation.
